README.md, before:

# Learning Management System (LMS) Project

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NidaulZafar/LearningPlatform/master/react/src/assets/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="500" height="300">
  </a>
  </div>

## About the Project
I designed and built this web app to practice my coding skills utilizing the knowledge of React and Laravel.
The web version of this project can be seen [here](https://learning-management-a43483664054.herokuapp.com/).

## Usage
The app provides a platform where instructors and students can come together to enjoy a learning environment
* First of all, users can sign up as an instructor or student.
* Instructors can add and browse courses and modules while students can enroll in them.
* Other features and functions include feedbacks, announcements and contact options.

Foreseeable errors like location access denied, failing to fetch data and unavailable data are handled such that the user can see on the screen what went wrong.


### Built With

The app was built using fullstack knowledge in React and Laravel:

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML:5-750000?logo=html5" height="30" alt="HTML:5"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-4c9ee8?logo=css3" height="30" alt="CSS:3">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Javascript-000000?logo=javascript" height="30" alt="JavaScript"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-gray?logo=react" height="30" alt="React">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Laravel-ffffff?logo=laravel" height="30" alt="Laravel"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-ADDe96?logo=mysql" height="30" alt="MySQL">


## Roadmap

This is a basic app that fulfills the requirements for the MVP of a learning platform. Nevertheless, I intend to keep improving upon it with the following roadmap. 

- [x] Responsive app
- [x] User authentication
- [x] Storing the data in the Database
- [x] Use axios to fetch data from the database
- [x] Loading/error handling for the interaction with the API
- [x] Creating courses by the instructors and enrollment by the students
- [x] Feedback on the app
- [x] Contact Form
- [ ] Additional Options
    - [ ] Comments on the modules
    - [ ] Generate certificates on completion

## Contributing

This is in no way a perfect application. I am in the process of learning and implementing knowledge. Therefore, contributions, suggestions and feedbacks are **heartily welcome**. If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## Contact

Nida ul Zafar <br>
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-instagram-1282e8?logo=instagram" height="30" alt="Instagram">](https://instagram.com/ahmadhunny) 
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-fff?logo=gmail" height="30" alt="Gmail">](mailto:nidaulzafar@gmail.com)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-github-000?logo=github" height="30" alt="Github">](https://github.com/nidaulzafar)


## Acknowledgments

I would like to express my deepest appreciation to a number of people and resources that helped me get through this project. 


* [Settly Team](https://settly.nl/) My amazing team at Settly where I did my internship and got the opportunity of learning PHP / Laravel.
* [HackYourFuture Team](https://github.com/HackYourFuture) who laid the foundation for me in web development.
* [Othneil Drew](https://github.com/othneildrew) For his carefully designed readme template that helped me design mine.
* [Shields](https://shields.io/) For their easy to design badges that I have used above.
* [Colorlib](https://colorlib.com/) For their Sign-up / Sign-in page.
* [Mohamed Azouaoui](https://codepen.io/azouaoui-med) For their Sidebar template.

Commit message:

Add local run and database seeding instructions
Added instructions for running the project locally and seeding the database.

README.md, after:

# Learning Management System (LMS) Project

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NidaulZafar/LearningPlatform/master/react/src/assets/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="500" height="300">
  </a>
  </div>

## About the Project
I designed and built this web app to practice my coding skills utilizing the knowledge of React and Laravel.
The web version of this project can be seen [here](https://learning-management-a43483664054.herokuapp.com/).

## Usage
The app provides a platform where instructors and students can come together to enjoy a learning environment
* First of all, users can sign up as an instructor or student.
* Instructors can add and browse courses and modules while students can enroll in them.
* Other features and functions include feedbacks, announcements and contact options.

Foreseeable errors like location access denied, failing to fetch data and unavailable data are handled such that the user can see on the screen what went wrong.


### Built With

The app was built using fullstack knowledge in React and Laravel:

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML:5-750000?logo=html5" height="30" alt="HTML:5"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-4c9ee8?logo=css3" height="30" alt="CSS:3">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Javascript-000000?logo=javascript" height="30" alt="JavaScript"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-gray?logo=react" height="30" alt="React">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Laravel-ffffff?logo=laravel" height="30" alt="Laravel"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-ADDe96?logo=mysql" height="30" alt="MySQL">


## Roadmap

This is a basic app that fulfills the requirements for the MVP of a learning platform. Nevertheless, I intend to keep improving upon it with the following roadmap. 

- [x] Responsive app
- [x] User authentication
- [x] Storing the data in the Database
- [x] Use axios to fetch data from the database
- [x] Loading/error handling for the interaction with the API
- [x] Creating courses by the instructors and enrollment by the students
- [x] Feedback on the app
- [x] Contact Form
- [ ] Additional Options
    - [ ] Comments on the modules
    - [ ] Generate certificates on completion

## Running the Project
To run the project locally, run the local servers using ```npm run dev``` on frontend folder react and ```php artisan serve``` on backend. Database can be seeded using the command ```php artisan db:seed```

## Contributing

This is in no way a perfect application. I am in the process of learning and implementing knowledge. Therefore, contributions, suggestions and feedbacks are **heartily welcome**. If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## Contact

Nida ul Zafar <br>
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-instagram-1282e8?logo=instagram" height="30" alt="Instagram">](https://instagram.com/ahmadhunny) 
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-fff?logo=gmail" height="30" alt="Gmail">](mailto:nidaulzafar@gmail.com)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-github-000?logo=github" height="30" alt="Github">](https://github.com/nidaulzafar)


## Acknowledgments

I would like to express my deepest appreciation to a number of people and resources that helped me get through this project. 


* [Settly Team](https://settly.nl/) My amazing team at Settly where I did my internship and got the opportunity of learning PHP / Laravel.
* [HackYourFuture Team](https://github.com/HackYourFuture) who laid the foundation for me in web development.
* [Othneil Drew](https://github.com/othneildrew) For his carefully designed readme template that helped me design mine.
* [Shields](https://shields.io/) For their easy to design badges that I have used above.
* [Colorlib](https://colorlib.com/) For their Sign-up / Sign-in page.
* [Mohamed Azouaoui](https://codepen.io/azouaoui-med) For their Sidebar template.
